doc: minor changes for Veraison book (#309)
veraison/services: kvstore/README.md

  (Please see the drivers' documentation for more details.)
- `tablename` (optional): the name of the table within the SQL database that will
  be used by the store. If this is not specified, it will default to `"kvstore"`.
- `max_connections` (optional): the maximum number of parallel connections to
  DBMS that will be opened by the SQL driver. Once this number is reached,
  further transactions will block until a connection becomes available.
  Defaults to `10`.

> [!NOTE]
> `max_connections`, like all settings above, is specific to the
> store for which it is being configured. This means that the total maximum

> > numer of connectins Veraison will try to open is the sum of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> number of connections Veraison will try to open is the sum of the
```
